Update documentation for the repair feature (#1300)
scalar-labs/scalardb: docs/storage-abstraction.md

TableMetadata tableMetadata = admin.getTableMetadata("ns", "tbl");
```

### Repair a namespace

> If a namespace is in an unknown state such as the namespace exists in the underlying storage but not its ScalarDB metadata or vice versa.
> This method will recreate the namespace and its metadata if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a namespace is in an unknown state, such as the namespace exists in the underlying storage but not its ScalarDB metadata or vice versa, this method will re-create the namespace and its metadata if necessary.
```

You can repair the namespace as follows:

```java
// Repair the namespace "ns" with options.
Map<String, String> options = ...;
    admin.repairNamespace("ns", options);
```

### Repair a table

> If a table is in an unknown state such as the table exists in the underlying storage but not its ScalarDB metadata or vice versa.
> This method will recreate the table, its secondary indexes and their metadata if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a table is in an unknown state, such as the table exists in the underlying storage but not its ScalarDB metadata or vice versa, this method will re-create the table, its secondary indexes, and their metadata if necessary.
```
